k going to sleep i know we still last remaining brief to implement but after publishing if i were grading what we have so far id give it a D -.  The concert is about to start. What are we listening to? that is the opening message  on the boring chat bar opener. Lets take it back to my intended design purpose and expected app output. Reason i made this app is because ice cube was my favorite rapper growing up i turned my ex wife on to him bc thats all id listen to. Now if you heard her you'd think she was the fan the whole time anyway last month she went to see him and snoop dog in concert in colorado it was outdoors in a huge amphitheater i want an app for people like me who would love to go to see their favorite artist but cnat afford the trip the ticket hate being around the crowd and having to look at the artist on a screen ans still pay over 100 dollars just for that. I wanted a better experience right from the comfort of you own house i believe its jam base that has all the concert info. we need an ai host so far we just have a voice that sounds like an old man so yeah if i have to have a lame voice im cloning mine and putting on the map to hype the shit up. all he says is take you seats get ready for the show or some lame shit. I want an mc a host you ai guide the opening line has to go it makes no sense. Myabe it should say HWat show are crashing tonight? Host needs to guide user Is therre a show or concert you want me to look up or how about an artist or just a song. User says ice cube a descript of his upcoming show pops up > we need to have like at least 4 or 5 Ui layouts 1 indoor show, 2 outdor show, 3 amplitheater 4 symphony theater for when the show gets artsy and 5 a fair type layout if its a huge outdoor event like cochela or a lilith fair etc and please explain the screen shots does user have to hit next to  get to next screen of lyrics if so this is not even a mediocre karaoke app what user whats to do that. it would be better to have all lyrics up at once and the ui with ice cube lyrics using my real case example should have amphitheater ghosted graphics not just color gradient atleast something to make user feel like he was there and i know we cant use ice cube likeness without his permission but cont thereto be some graphics or gangsta rap type characters on a the screen and thats my final point did you tell me there is no music user has to supply it how look i am going to sleep and when i get back just be honest with me if we are to far off my vision and if its not possible dont even worry about last brief  ill pull out